#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
babel==2.16.0
    # via mkdocs-material
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
colorama==0.4.6
    # via mkdocs-material
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
idna==3.10
    # via requests
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   markdown-callouts
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-callouts==0.4.0
    # via mkdocstrings-crystal
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-section-index
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==1.3.0
    # via
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
mkdocs-gen-files==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material @ git+ssh://git@github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material-insiders.git@115e3b4466c02a93775ab8febe747f10569f2231
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-section-index==0.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocstrings==0.27.0
    # via mkdocstrings-crystal
mkdocstrings-crystal==0.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via mkdocs
paginate==0.5.7
    # via mkdocs-material
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mkdocs
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   mkdocstrings
pygments==2.19.1
    # via mkdocs-material
pymdown-extensions==10.14
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via ghp-import
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
regex==2024.11.6
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.32.3
    # via mkdocs-material
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via mkdocs
